After whom is the Riemannian geometry named?
What is the boiling point of water?
At which school was Yayoi Kusama educated at?
Which High School did Allen Ginsberg attend?
From which country are the beagles originally from?
In which manner did Hemingway die?
How high is the Cologne Cathedral ?
How is the Harz called in Mandarin Chinese?
What is TNFAIP1 ?
In which country is Oberirrach ?
What are the spin-offs of Breaking Bad?
What was the key event related to Salvador Dalí?
What did the suffragettes stand for?
What happened to the dinosaurs ?
What is the coordinate location of Shenzhen ?
What is the Erlangen program ?
Who was the partner of Allen Ginsberg?
What is the english nickname of Ella Fitzgerald?
What are the occupations of Nat King Cole?
what is the official language of iran?
What is the population in Freiburg ?
What does Ray-Ban produce primarily?
What albums has Atif Aslam been on?
What was Ada Lovelace’s noble title?
What was Janus the god of?
When did Allen Ginsberg die?
When did Ella Fitzgerald die?
When did Rumi die?
When did the Weimar Republic start?
When did World War II officially end?
When the film Red Notice was released?
When was Cologne Cathedral built?
What can be done against gout?
When was Marlene Dietrich born?
When was Penicillin discovered?
When was Rumi born?
When was the beginning of Romanticism ?
When was the Echo Music Prize abolished?
When was the Hamburg Airport inaugurated?
When was the Hamburg S-Bahn officially opened?
When was the university of Cambridge founded?
When was the University of Hamburg founded?
When was the University of Saskatchewan founded?
When was the Vatican City created?
When was United Fruit Company founded?
Where did Trotzky die?
Where did the Hambach Festival happen?
Where does the Nutri-Score originate from?
Where did the psychedelic band “Khruangbin” form?
Where was Caesar murdered?
Where was Roland Corporation founded?
Who developed the Erlangen program?
Which art movement was Yoko Ono part of?
What caused Kobe Bryant's Death?
What are the opposites of zero?
What is the offical language of Taipei?
Who developed WordNet?
Who are the actresses in Portrait of a Lady on Fire?
Who created the Turing machine?
When was the Hambach Castle built?
Who died at the North Pole?
Who directed Anne with an E ?
Who wrote "Prototypical Networks for Few-shot Learning"?
Who founded “The Blue Rider”?
Who founded the Worpswede artist colony ?
Who is the author of “Convenience Store Woman” ?
Who is the publisher of Smite ?
Who wrote the Erlangen program?
Who was the creator of Boo-Boo Bear ?
Who was the creator of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt ?
Who founded the Roland Corporation?
Who were the parents of Socrates ?
Who wrote Anne of Green Gables ?
Who's the author of The Hellbound Heart ?
Whom did Clara Westhoff marry?
When was Athens founded?
What is the twitter name of Running Wild?
In what country is the Kandahar-downhill?
What is the Fujiyama made of?